Editorial review: Document name-only container queries (#44284)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/guides/containment/container_queries/index.md

  - : The query will be based on the [inline](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Logical_properties_and_values/Basic_concepts#block_and_inline_dimensions) dimensions of the container.
    Applies layout, style, and inline-size containment to the element.
- `normal`

>   - : The element is not a query container for any container size queries, but can still be used as a query container for [name-only container queries](#name-only_container_queries) or container style queries.

Reviewer: I might be worth noting here that this is the default, which means that you can use a container name without applying a container type. Maybe not - that could be somewhere else.

Author: Added.

More information on naming containment contexts is available on the {{cssxref("container-name")}} page.

## Name-only container queries

> It is possible to create a query container by assigning a {{cssxref("container-name")}} to an element, and then query only the existance of that name in the associated `@container` at-rule. These so-called **name-only container queries** enable selectively applying styles to elements based on whether they have a specific `container-name` set.

Reviewer: The previous section already talks about `container-name`. If you expect people mostly to navigate direct to here you could leave as is. But I'd assume they are reading down and just do something like

```suggestion
As well as using a {{cssxref("container-name")}} with other query conditions, you can query a container using just its name. These so-called **name-only container queries** enable selectively applying styles to elements based on whether they have a specific `container-name` set.
```

Author: updated

For example, consider the following HTML:

```html
<div id="container">
  <p>I'm in the container.</p>
  <p>I'm also in the container.</p>
</div>
<p>I'm not in the container.</p>
```

If we assign a name to the container:

```css
#container {
  container-name: my-container;
}
```

> We can then selectively apply styles only to elements inside that container, which can include [Container query length units](#container_query_length_units):

Reviewer 2: See other comment about cq units requiring a size container-type.

Author: corrected, thanks!
